[Music]
the heat is a music
the music sent you dancing
the dancing sets earth-three
as strong pictures presents dirty
dancing she thought it would be just
another summer vacation them there the
dance people but it turns out to be the
time of her life he teaches her which
[Music]
not sure who you are but I don't want
you to have anything to do with those
people again baby I don't see you
running up to daddy tell any money you
got with my father it's complicated I
will tell them I don't believe you baby
she shows him all he can be you gotta
stop it now I know what I'm doing penny
I'm scared of everything
most of all I'm scared of walking out of
this room and never feeling the rest of
my whole life the way I feel when I'm
with you what they learn from each other
feels too good to be wrong
[Applause]
[Music]
Dirty Dancing starring Patrick Swayze
Jennifer Grey and Cynthia Rose get ready
for the time of your life
you